Rhnsd #8149 ke (#552)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/architecture/pages/rhnsd.adoc

[[arch.component.rhnsd]]
= rhnsd

> *rhnsd* is a client-side daemon for traditionally managed clients only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*rhnsd* is a client-side daemon for traditional clients only.
```

> It is now (June 2019) only used on non-systemd systems ({sle} 11 and {rhnminrelease6}); on later systems, a systemd timer ([systemitem]``rhnsd.timer``) is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of {productname} 4, it is only available on non-systemd systems ({sle} 11 and {rhnminrelease6}).
For later versions, a systemd timer ([systemitem]``rhnsd.timer``) is available.
```

== Functions
*rhnsd* is a primary component of {productname}. It performs the following functions in the stack.

> * **Client-side daemon for traditionally managed clients**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Client-side daemon for traditional clients**
```
